|I Wonder If Video Games Saved Me I had a single mom and grew up in a bad neighborhoods . I never thought about it until the other day. But in the 90s, video games were super expensive. We had a NES, SNES, N64, Playstation 13, and Dreamcast. Yet, I had a single mom who had two kids, left us home alone a lot, because she couldn't afford a babysitter, worked two jobs, yet we both turned out very well.AAAAAAm I crazy?Resident Evil Is Here! Vote For The Next Best Game Of The 20th Century Or Else I'll Turn You Into A Jill Sandwich  It was a close one this time! Last Vote 1st place went to Resident Evil with 50 votes, 2nd place went to Street Fighter 2 with 41 votes, 3rd place went to Super Mario World with 40 votes, and 4th place went to Starcraft with 39 votesA Games of the Year Marathon So for the time being I'm not planning on picking up new releases this year and just want to enjoy the massive games library that I already have. With work, saving to move into a new place, and a possible engagement I have better things to spend my money on and nothing from 2024 onward is catching my eye at the moment. One idea is a Games of the Year Marathon starting in 2013 since game from this year on are more accessible on current hardware PS5  Steam Deck specifically. With the context out of the way I put together the list for my personal games of each year 20132023. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI know stepping back is the best option, so I'd like to hear what some of you did in the meantime.AAAAATo get the list started, I've come up with a few examples of games that incorporate political themesplot belowAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACiv 6AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA2014 Alien Isolation Lame year but this one is still amazingAAAAA2018 Red Dead Redemption II God of War super close secondAAAAA2022 Elden RingAAAAAFor a frame of reference, here's the co op games we have playedAAAAAGears of war 2 I hated this at fist cuz of the reload system and some weapons but eventually liked at near the end of the gameAAAAAView Pollhttpswww.reddit.compoll1cyeuy0ive just finished a demo called THE UNDERGROUND and it was beautiful,sad and eerie at the same time and the only funny thing about it is that its on roblox And no its not a picture it does look goodFallout I never play video games. But, I recently heard about the new Fallout TV series and was interested in trying it, but I only have Fallout 3 Game of the Year Edition and Fallout New Vegas Ultimate Edition. Apparently games have stories, and Im not sure if it applies to this series. So my question is can I just play those two games without playing any of the others? Forgotten zombie rabbit mobile game  I do not remember it's name or gameplay, but I have a specific memory of seeing what I believe was a rabbit landing on earth and turning humans into zombies. I would greatly appreciate it if anyone can tell me it's title. I feel like playing it again.Can anyone explain to me what this edition of Enslaved is? Did one really ever come with a comic? It doesn't say inside or included. I have searched all over the Internet and I would love to buy the comic book version if it exists. But I can't seem to find a single image confirming it's existence. I can find a separate single issue promo comic normal sizes by itself on eBay, but I can't find anything about any copy of Enslaved including a minicomic. What this just to advertise the promo comic or get on the Marvel hype train at the time? If anyone could give me a definitive answer, I would very much appreciate it before I buy a copy of this game.Why are there so many more live service games? I'm not knowledgeable on this topic and I'm asking purely because I don't fully understand why these games are so common now. From my point of view it just seems to be more hassle for the developers and publishers, they now have to worry about keeping a live server working at all times after they've already gone through all the work of making the game in the first place, and for many games like the suicide squad there don't seem to be any ingame benefits for the player. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAs fun as all of the older games I have in my library, many far from finished, it doesn't seem paying full price for a game is something I need to do for a long time. For folks that like competitive multiplayer games: how many do you play? This is likely an unpopular opinion but as Ive aged I honestly like multiplayer games moreso than single player games. Striving to improve is fun for me and the community around them is very rewarding.AAAAAhttpsfinalfantasy.fandom.comwikiFinalFantasyIVversiondifferencesSuperNintendoEntertainmentSystemhttpsfinalfantasy.fandom.comwikiFinalFantasyIVversiondifferencesSuperNintendoEntertainmentSystemAAAAAI think this stems from the fact that Ive always been a solo queue player so I always get paired up with random strangers online hoping my teammates are good.AAAAAMind you I dont claim to be good. I dont even play rank in most FPS games but Im honestly just distraught that I didnt realize this earlier. I guess thats why I find myself playing other games that are a little bit mentally engaging like chess and detective games. At one point I used to only play tekken 7 and fighting games but even this genre has its own problems. I tried getting into MOBAs but its the same problems I have with tactical FPS games except with extra steps. AAAAAWhat's your favorite use of the "Rule of Three" in video games, whether interms of gameplay mechanics, content, or narrative and characters?  And why?What are games you like the music of but not the game itself? For me AAAAAWhat’s with people dissing games that they very clearly engaged with heavily? Every day, I seem some post like Man, this game sucks, Im about 100 hours in, and heres everything wrong with it And I always react like Dude, you literally played this game for 100 hours. Thats more than an hour of gameplay for every dollar you spent, even if you got it for full retail price brand new. By shitting on it after 100 hours, youre either jumping on a hate bandwagon for clout, or youre a masochist. It may not be the best game ever or anything, but you cant honestly tell me you played the game that long hating every second of it.AAAAAStarfield  80 hoursAAAAANeed help finding a game Trying to find a game I played on the ds it was like a match 3 or Tetris clone I think set on a beach or something and the characters had faces can you help me find it. After playing Rise of the Ronin, am I capable of playing a souls like game? AAAAAI've never been a criminal and Ive always worked hard for what I have. Same with my sister. The only thing I can think of is that maybe video games saved us and my mom's judgement of course. Because we always had good grades and my mom let us play video games all day as long as we kept our grades up because they kept us out of trouble. Because we never lived in a good neighborhood. Growing up as black kids in the hood. Most of my peers from childhood are dead or in jail.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAny suggestions are appreciated.What videogame series needs a comeback?  Im one of those still waiting for HalfLife 3 AAAAA The Fallout Series  the series is heavily rooted in 1950's American culture, and there are strong Cold Warera political themes and plotlines running throughout the franchise.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAElden Ring, Dark Souls etc. Im 34 done with chapter 2 and playing on dusk, I still die but not as much as I did when I first started. The only ever hard game Ive played was Returnal but tbh that was just perseverance. Is ROTR similar to a souls like game when it comes to difficulty?AAAAAAAAAA2015 tied for me but if people can convince me to break the tie one way or another that would be helpful.AAAAA2015 Bloodborne  The Witcher 3AAAAA2019 Death StrandingAAAAA2023 Alan Wake II Amazing year but this one stuck with me most and yeah Baldur's Gate 3 was just not for me.AAAAALeft 4 dead 1  nostalgic for him, loves shooting zombies and the classic gameplay of it. Although we don't have a physical or digital way of getting left 4 dead 2 at the momentAAAAABorderlands 1, 2, pre sequel and 3 I absolutely loved these games although he hates it due to the cartoony old graphics that bugs his eyes and is basically unplayable for him even with the HD texture packsAAAAASo what are the advantages and why are so many game companies deadset on making their games live service?AAAAAAAAAA Detroit Become Human  while the main storyline is primarily philosophical, there are some very relevant themes regarding AI displacing human jobs, creating unemployment and social unrest.The next version and those Yearly titles/passes 2024 is the year I got cured of buying new games. I'm starting to think that the the gaming industry has already made it's best games. The latest MK and Street Fighter seem to prove that. I was silly enough to buy them before they released their second volley of DLCs. Even at a discount the initial buy is not worth it. The previous final versions of these games are truly amazing. They seem richer in every detail. AAAAAWith that said  my problem is that I like them TOO much! I currently play 5 competitive games League of Legends, CounterStrike, Rainbow 6 Siege, Overwatch, and Apex Legends.AAAAABut  I know there are other games in that era that were released with  reduced complexity or difficulty for western audiences this is just one  example I am very familiar with. I am wondering how in the heck Japanese  developers came to this conclusion? Video games were invented and  marketed in the west before they were in Japan. Many people were very  good at arcade games before Nintendo even entered the market here.AAAAAMost of my gaming sessions is just me trying to adapt to whatever my teammates do and communicate with them. Even if they dont talk back to me. There have been times where I wanted my teammates to do certain things but I didnt want to sound like an a and just never go through with it. AAAAAI guess chess and single player games is the only way to go.Raizing Shmups I finished playing Raizing's Shmup library minus Brave Blade because I can't get that one running and while none are bad, I genuinely just can't get into the studio's work. This was not my first time running through these games and they still don't compel me to stick withlearn them aside for one exception... Battle Garegga it's my favorite and strongest release from the studio with especially solid art design and music. I don't love it but for the first time ever the game clicked and I actually had a decent time playing. When the rank is lower I find the bullet patterns to be engaging and despite later bosses being highly difficult, the stages themselvese get tough but not quite as brutal as I had remembered I of course credit fed my multiple playthroughs. I still lack any and all understanding regarding the level of praise that Garegga holds simply a matter of taste but I'm greatful that I sat down with it again to develop some appreciation.AAAAAStarfieldAAAAAExamples of games Ive seen with posts like thisAAAAABaldurs Gate 3  50 hoursAAAAAAAAAAI feel like, my mom saw how much we loved video games and chose to invest in it. Because she realized that being in the house playing Zelda all day would keep us out of trouble. My mom bought me and my sister a new console every generation. I chose one system and my sister chose the other. Then we shared. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAlso, with the state of racing games nowadays, a new Midnight Club would be great. What are some political video games? (Non-Partisan post)  Before this gets off the rails, I'm not looking for any divisive political opinions just awesome videogame suggestions! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASkyrimAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAView Pollhttpswww.reddit.compoll1cxrwsk3ds xl New Shell Old shell vs New shell What is the best AND worst remake of a game from Gen 6 and previous generations? No ports ex Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, no remasters ex Ocarina of Time 3D, only remakes made from the ground up ex Super Mario 64 DS.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA2016 Uncharted 4AAAAA2020 Ghost of TsushimaAAAAAFavorite female protagonist? Whos your favorite female protagonist in gaming?AAAAAResident evil 5 again, love shooting zombies and nostalgia. Love the weapon variety and simplicity along with the boss fights. We both really love resident and love that we can play this one together instead of taking turns on the same gameAAAAAThese are the only co op games we have and played but we are also open to more games that aren't co op that are similar to borderlands, resident evil and call of duty. We love games with guns. He cares more for realism while I care more about gun variety, fun and the right amount of complexity and simplicity of a game and is mechanics Hellblade 2 or Ghosts of Tsushima? PC gamer, looking for a new action game to play through, want something fun, good combat, great story and beautiful to look at...AAAAAP.S Sorry of this question has been asked before!zelda ocarina of time was a decent game but far from a masterpiece unlike 007 the world is not enough.  in 007 there's throwing knives, grenades, and different types of guns. zelda has horrible looking graphics.  i didn't realize i was supposed to climb up the wall with a drawn on vine that is supposed to be a vine.  also what was that awful noise those skeleton things made?  were they part of a tech demo and nintendo just lazily left them in?Animal/Zoo-esque games that can simulate an ecosystem? Hi, I love the Jurassic World Evolution series. One of my favorite things to do in the games is to decorate a blank island with trees, rocks, water, etc and to place dinos in without fences and watch them all simulate life. However, there is always the issue of running out of creatures since there is no way the dinos can reproduce ingame. Are there video games like JWE where I can make an ecosystem of just the creatures that include someway for them to reproduce on their own? Thanks!How did you guys get over burnout? So, I do admit, I'm fairly addicted to gaming, it's been sort of my rock for many years.AAAAAAAAAAAnother good example is that last Star Wars game. The first one was pretty fun. It was like having my own Star Wars Movie. The second one looked like a bootlegged movie where the film is filmed on someone's phone.AAAAAThese games all scratch different itches for me  but I feel like Im spreading my playtime so widely so Im not getting meaningfully better at any of them. AAAAAI  couldn't find anything to explain where this misconception came from  and asking chatgpt was unfulfilling. If anyone has any perspectives to  offer on this I would be very interested!Recs? I need a new game to get completley lost in. I play primarily on PS5 and the last game I got lost in was Jedi Fallen Order. Couldnt get into the second one for some reason, probably because I started playing when spiderman 2 came out. Any recommendations or places to start would help. Thanks!what unpopular opinion will get you in to this position Micro transactions arent as bad as people make it out to be. If its a free game or paid with free DLC GTA Online I am perfectly fine with it because the developers have to get paid somehow, but if a certain item is only available to purchase that will give you a competitive advantage, make the game too grindy or is in a paid game without DLC or Paid DLC then I am not a fan of it Kratos is coming after you. Which VG characters do you summon to help you?  After youve picked your protector, you also get a couple days of prep time before Kratos comes knocking on your door. What TV show do you prefer AAAAANot only that but Ive seen some dumb luck in tactical shooters. You can be at the bottom of the leaderboards doing literally nothing and still win if you have really good teammates. This has been happening to me somewhat recently and honestly its just not satisfying. Or you can do the most dumbest plays because the other team doesnt understand what were doing and we can win 141. AAAAAI tend to play Shmups for the deeply satisfying fun that is straightforward shooting and dodging, while attention to scoring naturally follows if I take a liking to a particular title Bullet Hells are my favorite style but not exclusively. Raizing has definitely made it clear that rank heavy Shmups just aren't for me, they seemingly introduce too many variables that alter how you handle enemybullet management and in turn screen real estate.AAAAAPizza TowerAAAAAAssassins Creed Valhalla  70 hoursAAAAAFallout 4  80 hoursAAAAAAAAAANow I work in IT, working a job that I love. My sister also loves her job, she drives buses. Sometimes I wonder if my mom leaning into our love of video games saved us from getting mixed up into the activities that our peers got in it. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABut recently, it doesn't bring me the same joy anymore. I feel burnt out from overdoing it and that's a shame.AAAAAI'm interested in getting some suggestions for good games that have political tones, themes, or plots. To my knowledge, there's no game or simulator where the protagonist is in politicsruns for office. Given how intertwined politics have become with popular culturemedia lately, I'm surprised there isn't more gaming content parodying or satirizing our current political climate.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABlasphemousAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABest I think I am one of the only people who thinks Super Mario 64 DS is better than the original. The loads of extra content like a local multiplayer, mini games, and 30 extra stars with 4 playable characters in the single player campaign, makes it the better game to me. The main reason people shit on this game was because of the controls, but i never had a problem with it, and everyone stopped talking about the controls when the 3DS came out.AAAAAAAAAA2013 GTA V The Last of Us came real closeAAAAA2017 Cuphead Sorry Breath of the Wild but it was very closeAAAAA2021 Guardians of the GalaxyAAAAAView Pollhttpswww.reddit.compoll1cyh2m2I’ve recently played freedom planet and I love the game, Should I get the sequel? No spoilers as Ive only completed level 6 at this pointBasically the internets reaction to Indigo Park More specifically Rambley, but nonetheless.Hellblade 2 or Ghost of Tsushima? Im the kind gamer who gets attached to 1 game at a time, I play the hell out of it, and never touch it again. If I had to choose 1 to play for the next few months, what should it be?Need CO op games for buddy I have an Xbox one and I don't have permanent game passlive currently less than 5 months so I need a game compatible with my Xbox one S and it doesn't need live. My friend likes shooter games and he wants us to do more good co op games.AAAAAResident evil 6 I liked it, he hated it since it was too actiony and not enough horror for a resident evil game. My only complaint was the whole stamina system and item managementAAAAA...hence I've narrowed it down to these 2  I'm going to purchase one in the next 20 minutes, watching reviews in the meantime, but what do you think?AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI'm not a sports fan, but it's happening there too. Yearly releases for no reason. AAAAAIm trying to narrow it down to 3 games  I wanted to ask other folks, how many competitivelive service games do you routinely play? Why did Japanese Game developers use to think Westerners sucked at video games?  Why  did Japanese game developers in the late 80s and early 90s have the  misconception that Americans were bad at video games? I can give one  example that supports this belief Final fantasy IV II when localized  in North America had greatly reduced difficulty and functionality  compared to the original. Here is a list of full changesAAAAAView Pollhttpswww.reddit.compoll1cxzoroFPS games that require strategy doesn’t feel strategic. The whole time Ive been a PC player 20122014 and as someone that played a lot of FPS games since they were a kid cod, team fortress 2, CSGO, siege, quake champions, etc I come to realize that tacticalFPS games that require strategy dont really require that much strategy. Especially in tactical shooters.AAAAAIm starting to realize that tactical shooters arent as mentally challenging as I thought they were when I first got into them as a 14 year old boy. Most of the time its just me hoping I get good teammates or hoping the other team sucks or make a mistake. That and I also dont really think as much. I just go aggressive or defense depending how I feel. AAAAAThose of you that enjoy Raizing Shmups players of all skill levels, which ones are your favorites and what is it about their style that satisfies your Shmup tastes?Favorite use of the "Rule of Three" in video games In my case, Sonic the Hedgehog with its three main gameplay mechanics, including Sonic's super speed for mobility and evasion, rings for defense and healing, and his ball form for ground and aerial attacks.  And they're so simple and elegant while perfectly insync with each other, that it makes you question as to how and why Sonic would have needed his cartoon animal friends to fulfill that exact same rule of three, but in way too large of a group rather than solo.AAAAAAssassin's Creed MirageAAAAAAssassins Creed Odyssey  100 hoursAAAAAAnd to be clear, when a game stops working due to glitches and bugs, thats different. When a bug persists through patches, thats very frustrating and a valid reason to complain. But thats not what these people are complaining about. AAAAA|

